hello freak bitches this is a period
where I was doing a lot of psychedelics
and one of the experiences you've
probably had on psychedelics is the the
amazing experience of just looking into
somebody's eyes on acid or mushrooms and
just having that just open a kind of an
inner landscape of profundity or seeming
profundity where you're just you know
you can just be staring into somebody's
eyes silently for an eternity or what
seems like an eternity and what often
happens to people is that that after
having experiences like this then
looking into people's eyes can become a
way of really of activating that state
of mind where you you know you just
being committed to looking into people's
eyes and never looking away can be a way
of sort of introducing that sort of
liquid psychedelic experience you know
interpersonally and I was sort of into
that too
for a while and so I was kind of walking
through life you know like I guess Tom
Cruise does just like exactly just never
just just like I'm just gonna go with
you let's see where this goes and I'm
just never gonna look away from anyone
ever again
and you you get you start having it's
it's intrusive and I stopped doing it
you you start having unusual experiences
the first thing you do is you discover
everyone else is doing that for whatever
reason so all of the Psychopaths and the
Scientologists and all everyone comes
out of the woodwork because they're
there's some number of people walking
around earth at this moment who are
playing that game or just all it's like
you look into their eyes and it's just I
lock for as long as you're gonna stay
and you never they're never gonna look
away mm-hmm and so whether it's a
barista at Starbucks or whether it's
just somebody who is 50 feet across the
room at a party and you make eye contact
they're not gonna be the first one to
look away and so you get into these
really weird encounters and I had this I
remember this one party I went to where
I was sitting on a couch and I looked
across the room and it was this guy
looking at me and I probably you know 40
feet between us and he looked at me and
I looked at him and then it was just
like War of the Warlocks you know it's
like
neither of us were gonna look away right
and it'd just be that you and I was
doing a lot of meditation and I was you
know I had it's probably taking acid
once a month you know so I was I was
pretty tuned up for this kind of game
where it's just like you know I was not
I had no problem making eye contact with
some strange guy you know 40 feet away
and after a certain point he jumped up
and kind of raced over to me and you
know we had a problem he's like what the
fuck are you doing and and and it was
like a real this so what I was doing was
so intrusive but he he was at his own
game going because he you know he didn't
look away right all right he was
available for it but in any case you
were when you walk through life like
this you you discover that there are a
lot of people doing this for whatever
reason and it's it's you definitely have
unusual encounters hello Joe for fuck's
sake what are you sitting up there in
your heart he asked me if I was David
Letterman and I should tell everybody
about this chair that's uh this is my
latest device to try to mitigate back
pain from sitting and it's called the I
think it's called Sally yeah si el Li
and it's a saddle chair it's like a
saddle so if you see how it's sitting
here no no one's endorsing this I'm just
telling you it feels I'm gonna tell you
this they would hate me endorsing this
because it feels like shit it's like the
least comfortable chair I think I've
ever sat the anti-commercial
but it's very good fruit back and make
sure you like you can't sit anyway other
than like this like you have to sit like
straight up you can't like slouch in
this thing it just doesn't support it
and when I sit in a regular chair by the
end of the podcast my fucking neck
starts to hurt like my back like around
here where I've been injured starts to
hurt wouldn't that like stretch your
asshole out though and like give up so
I'm trying to do know if I days here for
if I ever do wind up going in the pokey
I want to be just gaming soon no it
doesn't do anything your asshole you
fucking idiot easy no this is you're not
listening you the whole idea behind this
is it's like a saddle if you sit in a
saddle you actually kind of have to hold
yourself in place so
by squeezing your legs together it's not
opening your butthole you're actually
squeezing everything tight so if you
were a gal and you wanted to have one of
these I figure it would probably be good
for the ova JJ probably tighten that
baby up mmm like women are supposed to
like do those Kegel it not supposed to
supposed if they care about Treaty of
penis correctly with their vagina they
do those Kegel exercises where you
squeeze your vagina you can actually
make it stronger there's some crazy
bitch and rush up that's like the world
record holder for the amount of weight
she can carry with her pussy but it's
something substantial like 50 pounds so
she shoves a dildo in her pussy attaches
it to a fucking kettlebell and and does
squats holding this this dildo in her in
her box just with her shield pushing
back like grabbing it like that is
anybody else getting hungry I don't know
why I'm getting peckish jebra here honey
suckle divine yes yeah is the one that
used to shoot ping-pong balls and either
tuna fish sandwich yeah where was that
at where'd she do no she did it the
track there on Philadelphia because it
was like we were kids it was like this
big joke about how many suck up Ivana
but I was up at the BRIT and they were
shooting a porn and you know these porn
girls need so much attention obviously I
didn't have anything else to do and
there's no more conversation so one girl
sits on a brush she goes do your trick
you know the container their cigars put
in James that in it and she just pops it
out but she paid she hit the girl too
hard or was so funny girls faces there
and you go boom get in the girl goes
fuck ah
big red mark on her face explain that
she could shoot whoever pussy so hard at
her yeah I can see you're doing it
Vince is fucking up really needs to make
you a part of it I told Tony when
immediately you should do it and I can't
believe you didn't take it Tony cuz that
is like one of the biggest things for
you for you because you are that I was
trying to negotiate doing it part-time
from LA that would be awesome
that would that would be best for both
sides because I wouldn't get burned out
on it and they would have awesome great
ideas that are hip and cool and I would
have been able to do what I wanted it
hip and cool whenever God says my ideas
are hip and cool I'll go
are you sure it depends what ideas he's
talking Undertaker has a scarf but in
the hip scarf it's a scarf with little
skulls all over it like he's a pirate
he's drinking a Frappuccino I never saw
this one coming yes Undertaker has gone
Metro metrosexual Undertaker
maybe if she changed it all sudden Tony
starts working for them and every
character becomes gay and it turns out
that there's there's someone who
sprinkling gay dust over all the other
competitors there's a locker room
there's and it's he's turning that's
that's a plot that Tony comes up with he
turns the entire roster gay it turns out
there's an openly gay wrestler and he
has gay fairy dust okay will you sit in
like a leprechauns ball sack lady red
killed a leprechaun and and turned his
ball sack into like this are you ready
for this sure what if I were to tell you
that there is an openly gay wrestler
that blows dust in people's faces
his name is gold dust Dustin Rhodes a
third generation wrestler
what's going on his dick that's gold
dump our baby
you've heard of horsepower that's like
related to Dusty Rhodes yeah yeah how'd
you know about that see Rhodes yeah I
used to be eight this shit made sense
this guy's real please I need to see
more I can't believe I invented a guy
that already exists yeah you could you
should be writing this that's him
insurance alpha male takes off your wig
and robe and he Sykes is a mountain top
he flirts with them in the ring and shit
like blow
kisses and they get all riled up and
then he can beat him with shit cuz
they're like all good I'm not gay get
away from me and he's like oh yeah come
here beautiful and I think to the WWE
should hire Michael Sam as soon as he's
done with the Dallas Cowboys
he's the openly gay NFL player yeah I
don't know he's not good enough to make
the team and just bring him for the
practice squad they need to bring that
dude into WWE and actually fuck a guy on
TV well him and Goldust
yeah but Goldust is faking I could tell
look at my gosh tree yeah he's super
straight he's super straight